content-type: text/plain; charset="utf-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable
X-RT-Original-Encoding: utf-8
Content-Length: 5385

Title: The Cleveland Era A Chronicle of the New Order in Politics,Volume 44 in The Chronicles of America Series Author: Henry Jones Ford Release Date: January 23, 2009 [EBook #3041] File is pg3041.mobi Please correct the following list of errors from the ebook The Cleveland Era: A Chronicle of the New Order in Politics by Henry Jones Ford.  The list contains 15 suggestions.  All errors have been verified against the book scanned into CADAL.  All changes would correct something mistyped in the ebook to what appears in the paper copy of the book.  The format that I am using to report the errors are 1) Chapter 2) - my comments regarding the type of change required: the corrected sentence fragment 3) the sentence as copied from the e-book, and 4) The location when using the copy function from Kindle. Thanks and regards, Robert * *  Chapter 1 - replace is with in: This determination was announced in the Senate. This determination was announced is the Senate by Mr. Hoar and was assented to by Senator Chandler of New Hampshire, Henry Jones Ford. The Cleveland Era; a chronicle of the new order in politics (Kindle Locations 72-73). - replace an with on: unpopular views on the subject of Chinese was circulated expressing unpopular views an the subject of Chinese immigration. Henry Jones Ford. The Cleveland Era; a chronicle of the new order in politics (Kindle Locations 169-170). - add space between the comma and the year: May 14, 1881 These changes were thus described in a letter of May 14,1881, Henry Jones Ford. The Cleveland Era; a chronicle of the new order in politics (Kindle Location 191). - change once seeker to office seeker: assassinated by a disappointed office seeker President Garfield had been assassinated by a disappointed once seeker Henry Jones Ford. The Cleveland Era; a chronicle of the new order in politics (Kindle Locations 202-203). Chapter 2 - remove comma after time: and at the same time caused the business world to suffer... peace had now made it a catch basin whose excess accumulations embarrassed the Treasury and at the same time, caused the business world to suffer from a scarcity of currency. Henry Jones Ford. The Cleveland Era; a chronicle of the new order in politics (Kindle Locations 305-306).  Chapter 3 - add comma after life: his start in life, that the unwary reader... in which Grover made his start in life that the unwary reader might easily imagine that the future President was almost a waif. Henry Jones Ford. The Cleveland Era; a chronicle of the new order in politics (Kindle Locations 388-389).  - remove comma after studying: he was studying with a view... and at the age of fifteen he was studying, with a view to entering college. Henry Jones Ford. The Cleveland Era; a chronicle of the new order in politics (Kindle Location 395).  -change bad to had: disclosure had been made... The disclosure bad been made four years before Henry Jones Ford. The Cleveland Era; a chronicle of the new order in politics (Kindle Location 461).  Chapter 4 - add space between the comma and the year: April 13, 1886 On April 13,1886, he delivered a carefully prepared speech, Henry Jones Ford. The Cleveland Era; a chronicle of the new order in politics (Kindle Location 729).  Chapter 5 - add space between the comma and the year: February 4, 1881 Senate Report of February 4,1881. Henry Jones Ford. The Cleveland Era; a chronicle of the new order in politics (Kindle Location 808).  Chapter 6 - remove t:  denied that this Administration... denied that t this Administration has left much to be desired." Henry Jones Ford. The Cleveland Era; a chronicle of the new order in politics (Kindle Locations 948-949). - add space between the comma and the year: December 21, 1886 On December 21,1886, President Cleveland renominated him, Henry Jones Ford. The Cleveland Era; a chronicle of the new order in politics (Kindle Location 982).     - remove comma after matter:  as a matter of course. enactment followed as a matter, of course. Henry Jones Ford. The Cleveland Era; a chronicle of the new order in politics (Kindle Locations 1001-1002).  Chapter 7 - Change Allowed to allowed:  and it allowed the bill... and it Allowed the bill already passed by the House to lie without action Henry Jones Ford. The Cleveland Era; a chronicle of the new order in politics (Kindle Location 1118).  Chapter 10 - change end to and: the Senate and the House Both the Senate end the House adopted resolutions endorsing Henry Jones Ford. The Cleveland Era; a chronicle of the new order in politics (Kindle Location 1783). 
thanks and regards,robert
